feat: introduce `await?` to short-circuit fulfilled `async` futures (#5215)
dfinity/motoko: Changelog.md

# Motoko compiler changelog

## 0.14.12 (FUTURE)

* motoko (`moc`)

  * Added the `rootKey` primitive (#4994).

>   * Introduce `await?` to force `async` values, avoiding the commit point when the future is already fulfilled (#5215).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Introduce `await?` to synchronize `async` futures, avoiding the commit point when the future is already fulfilled (#5215).
```
